Shadow...?
It's useless.
I made a promise to Maria,
and I'm keeping it.
Shadow, getting revenge
won't bring Maria back.
So what?
There's still time
to stop this, Shadow.
Please, you have to listen to me.
[Both grunting]
[Grunting]
You can do it, Sonic!
Give it all you've got, Shadow!
[Grunting]
If you fail, the entire
planet will be destroyed!
Tough it out, you guys!
Shadow!
Those people need you, Shadow!
I am Shadow!
Aah!
Shadow the Hedgehog!
You ready?
You bet!
Ha!
Here we go!
Chaos...
...Control!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Alarm blaring]
Huh? What's going on, Tails?
Chris! Come to the
bridge right away!
I think we found another one!
Okay. I'll be right there.
Man, that sure was a weird dream.
Hm.
Hey, Chris, it's coming from-
Huh?
What's up, buddy? You
don't look so good.
Huh?
I don't?
You're all sweaty.
Yeah, I'm okay...
Weird nightmare.
Well, good thing it's over.
Let's see.
Ah!
How pretty. I couldn't
possibly resist.
Aah!
I take that back!
The alarm! The alarm!
Intruder in the secret laboratory!
[Chaotic shouting]
[Alarm buzzing]
Ah.
Shadow! What in the
world's he doing here?
I haven't seen him since he-
EGGMAN: Well, if it isn't
my old friend, Rouge.
Ah?
I see you've stumbled upon
my shadowy little secret.
And here I thought I
was the sneaky one.
What are you up to, anyway?
You will find out all in good time,
my sly little spy,
but not until I'm good and ready!
Out!
I'll say this for you, Eggy.
You sure know how to
keep a gal in suspense.
Dr. Eggman!
There is an intruder on board!
Ah!
It is her, Doctor!
She is the intruder!
Ridiculous!
Hm.
Rouge is a member of our team.
She is our guest!
Huh?
[Whimpering]
From now on, it's
all about teamwork.
Right, fellas?
Bokie knows about
teamwork, doesn't he?
[Quivering]
The ship's scanner isn't showing
any signs of life below.
Maybe the Metarex took
this Planet Egg away, too.
Wow.
If this keeps happening,
there'll be no planets left
anywhere in the galaxy!
We've got to stop them
somehow, and fast!
You're right.
The Chaos Emerald is somewhere
up ahead in those ruins.
Yeah, but where exactly?
There's only one way to find out.
This'll be a cinch.
All we have to do is
split into two groups.
I'll go with Sonic.
Why do you always get
to go with Sonic?
I'll tell you why.
Throughout history,
behind every great hero,
there's a great woman guiding him.
Really?
Hm.
We'll use our com links
to stay in contact.
Why do you have to
tag along, anyway?
Sonic and I can do
just fine on our own,
thank you very much!
You're just excess baggage!
This wasn't my idea!
You're no picnic, either, ya know.
Oh, let's just get on with it!
Whoa!
Looks like this was some
kind of space colony.
Until the Metarex came.
I guess so.
I wonder how long
it's been deserted?
Amy, have you checked inside
that old castle yet?
According to my scanner,
the Chaos energy is
much stronger in there.
I think you should make that
the first place you look.
Good idea, Tails.
We're heading in now.
[Beeping]
Amy, you getting a reading?
No, Knuckles.
I'm looking at my wrist
for the fun of it.
Just a simple question.
Just drop it.
[Sigh]
Huh?
Hm.
[Gasp]
Let's see here.
My unerringly accurate search
instincts are telling me
this is the right place to start!
Let's see if this opens.
[Beeping]
Huh?
But why would it lead
us to an empty room?
Well?
[Panting]
[Beeping]
That Chaos Emerald is moving!
Aah!
Ohh!
What is this?
I'm not so sure I
really want to know.
Don't just stand there.
Check the scanner.
Ah!
Hm.
[Beeping]
It disappeared!
But that's impossible!
Oh! Unless...
It's some kind of trap.
Well, we'll never know
until we find out.
[Chuckling]
I don't like this.
Hmm.
Don't you think we should
send Knuckles in first?
Eh.
This must've been the center
of the colony's operations.
I'll see if I can find
anything over here.
Ah!
Huh?
Ah...
That was clumsy. I'll go get it.
Ah!
There we go.
You all right down there, Cosmo?
Yes. Everything's okay.
Huh?
Ah.
Huh.
Hmm.
Hm?
Just as I thought!
They're trying to confuse us,
but it won't work!
Aha!
Uh-huh-!
Amy!
Aah! [Shattering glass]
Aah!
Oof!
Ack!
Somebody's playing with us.
Well, I don't like
this game anymore!
[All gasp]
Sonic, I think it's time
we got out of here.
Okay. Hang on to me, Amy.
[Whimpering]
[Grunting]
Oh!
We're walled in.
Now what?
Huh.
If you are watching this,
then you have somehow found
a way onto our planet,
which was destroyed along
with most of its citizens
many years ago by evil
Metarex monsters.
Those of us who survived
built this space colony
in the hopes that one day,
we could make contact with others,
and eventually restore
the glory of our planet.
But the monsters
destroyed it as well.
All is lost.
Destroy them...
[Static] ...or they [Static]
...will destroy you.
Why did they do it, Chris?
[Sighing]
How could we be foolish enough
to think we could ever defeat them?
Chris?
Yeah?
You look like you're
lost in another world.
Just thinking about one.
You are?
You know, it's kind of funny.
I had a strange dream last
night about this guy
we used to know named Shadow.
Just when everyone in
my world had lost hope,
he and Sonic made us believe again.
You mean there's someone
else like Sonic?
Hmm.
[Beeping]
Huh?
We've got an emergency!
I lost 'em!
My link with Amy cut off,
and I can't get through anymore!
What's going on?
Chris, the castle!
Ah.
[Grunt]
Ahh!
Oof!
Huh.
Gotcha!
Thanks!
[Grunting]
Time to fly, Knuckles.
Ah. [Grunting]
[Grunting]
Ah!
[All screaming]
Whoa! Whoa!!
Oh, no!
[Metarex laughs]
It appears your friend Sonic
has sunk to an entirely new low!
It's talking!
You meddling fools thought
you could destroy us.
But in the end, it is
us who will destroy you!
Sonic!!
Hang on!
Ah!
Aah!
[Groaning]
Whoa!
I'm coming!
[Grunting]
Okay!
[Both grunting]
Oof.
Huh?
Who knows what that thing's
gonna turn into next?
Sonic and Knuckles are
sure having a time of it!
That's one tricky Metarex!
Speaking of tricky,
I have an assignment
for you, Rouge.
Oh, yeah?
I was wondering when
you'd say that.
This assignment will require a
great deal of skill on your part.
If it is done to my satisfaction,
you will get a Chaos Emerald.
Ah!
BOCOE AND DECOE: Give
her a Chaos Emerald?
She's a double crosser!
Why the sudden generosity, Eggy?
Just feeling magnanimous, is all.
I'd be touched if it
wasn't pure baloney!
Now, don't be that way.
Don't you at least want to hear
what my brilliant plan is?
Okay, but only for the Emerald.
I promise you won't regret it!
[Evil laughter]
Okay, Tails, the
laser's at full power.
We've got the target locked.
Fire the laser in scatter mode.
Fire!
It's a bull's-eye!
Chao chao!
They got it.
[All gasp]
Enough of your child's play.
Your weapons have no effect
against our omnipresent evil!
Haha!
Your destruction is at hand!
It's too late to turn back!
Ah!
[Panting]
Okay!
Activate laser shield right away!
Okay, Tails!
Ah!
[Panting]
We can take shelter under here!
Ah!
It's too powerful for us, Tails!
I don't think the shield can
hold out for much longer!
Stay calm!
We're not gonna let
this thing beat us.
Hold steady!
I'm pretty sure that
weird Metarex up ahead
swallowed the Chaos Emeralds.
We may beat it if Sonic
uses a ring tunnel!
Roger.
Sonic!
[Grunting]
Ring tunnel!
Okay!
Let 'em have it, Sonic!
You betcha!
[Grunting]
ALL: Oh, no!
This will be the end of you, Sonic!
[Evil laugh]
What do we do?
He's been hurt!
I'm coming!
Turn around!
It's too dangerous!
I don't care!
Aaaaaah!
Chris!
[Screaming]
Shadow? What's happening in there?
Hey!
Wait for me.
[Panting]
Hmm.
Hm.
Now, what's that
blasted code again?
Time for Chaos Control.
[Gasp]
Chris, no!
[Metarex roars]
Aah!
[All gasp]
[Grunting]
[Gasping]
What in the world?
Huh?
[Gasp]
[Groaning]
Ah.
Am I seeing things?
Shadow!
Huh.
Huh!
Hmm.
[Gasp]
Chaos Control!
Ah!
But he was...
[Gasping]
Ah!
Shadow!
[Groaning]
[Gasp]
Ahh!